Update free vs. scalable clusters (#16921)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-glossary.md

### Spending limit

> Spending limit refers to the maximum amount of money that you are willing to spend on a particular workload in a month. It is a cost-control mechanism that allows you to set a budget for your TiDB Serverless clusters. For Scalable clusters, the spending limit must be set to a minimum of $0.01 or higher. Also, the Scalable cluster can have a free quota if it meets the qualifications. The Scalable cluster with a free quota will consume the free quota first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spending limit refers to the maximum amount of money that you are willing to spend on a particular workload in a month. It is a cost-control mechanism that enables you to set a budget for your TiDB Serverless clusters. For [scalable clusters](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#scalable-cluster-plan), the spending limit must be set to a minimum of $0.01. Also, the scalable cluster can have a free quota if it meets the qualifications. The scalable cluster with a free quota will consume the free quota first.
```
